[Ariel groans]
[wind whooshing]
[birds chirping]
[wind blowing]
[gasp]
[ARIEL]
What color were they?
I'm so curious!
[LUKE]
A deep pink.
And if I recall,
a blush of orange
diffused around the edge.
[birds chirping]
That does sound lovely.
I tend to think
they're at their prettiest
when they're cherry-blossom pink
and standing tall.
Indeed, Your Highness,
you are correct.
But those that are soft
and folded away
do possess
their own unique charm.
My goodness, it almost sounds
as if you prefer them inverted.
If the taste is sweet,
what more could I ask for?
[sigh]
You can be so crude sometimes,
you know that?
[screams]
If I may, is this appropriate?
You will someday rule
this kingdom!
It ill becomes Your Highness
to make bedfellows
of vulgar gossip and lust.
[sigh]
Come now, dear Derek.
You go on like that
nearly all the time,
but I'm only
the second princess.
I have two elder brothers,
and one sister.
And as long as they live,
I cannot possibly inherit
the throne.
Nevertheless!
I'm quite satisfied
to go on sipping tea,
and living my life
exactly as I please.
[screaming]
[explodes]
♪
[cough]
-Luke!
-Princess!
You have to flee!
♪
[roars]
[DEREK] Your Highness.
You must claim the crown!
Luke! I leave the rest to you!
[screams]
[growls]
[grunting]
[thuds]
[water splashing]
[gasp]
[LUKE]
Princess Ariel!
[gasp]
Am I dreaming?
[ARIEL]
No, you're awake.
Where am I?
In the royal palace of Asura.
Uh, oh.
[ARIEL]
Who are you?
Where did you come from?
Buena Village.
And how did you get here?
I don't really know.
I was just falling
all of a sudden.
So, um...
Fittoa is no more,
it would seem.
Your home is gone now.
Finding your friends and family
will prove difficult,
if they even still live.
As for you,
you may well be imprisoned
or pressed into service
for trespassing
on the palace grounds.
But if you wear these,
and remain at my side,
I will do everything in my power
to find your family.
So don't worry,
I'll keep you safe.
But in the meantime,
from this moment forth,
take a new face and name.
♪
[FITZ]
Ah, Your Highness. Good morning.
Good morning to you, too.
Luke.
Fitz.
And what a lovely morning it is.
Tell me, Luke, has my itinerary
for the day been settled yet?
Yes, following breakfast,
you will mingle
in the great hall
with our noble guests.
And this afternoon,
you will be meeting with
Lord Pilemon in the usual place.
Must you call him "Lord Pilemon"
even in my presence?
Why stand on ceremony
in regard to your own father?
I prefer to keep my private life
separate
from my official duties.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[MAN 1] Oh, there she is!
It's Princess Ariel!
Good morning,
dear friends of the court!
How do you do?
It's a pleasure to see you all.
I'm delighted you've come.
♪
Well, well.
Fancy meeting you here,
Lord Pilemon.
You look radiant as always.
We must speak soon.
I hope you didn't forget.
No, I remember.
[GRABEL]
What's this?
Why would you need speak
in such hushed tones?
If I didn't know better,
I'd say you were conspiring.
Ah, my dearest brother Grabel!
Good morning!
And you're too not far off.
You see, we were "conspiring"
about our afternoon snack.
Weren't we, sir?
Indeed, as Her Highness says.
Speaking of snacks,
I hear that you,
my noble sister,
whose mother
is the lawful queen
and not a concubine,
have recently discovered
the allure of a sumptuous cake,
crowned with berries, that you
may wish to make for yourself.
Don't be silly, brother,
I'm a novice baker.
You're aware of that.
Such a confection
is far outside my reach.
For now, at least.
And you, my lord.
As I recall, you've always been
one to save the berry on top
to savor at the very end.
And as such,
you've often had it snatched out
from under your nose
before you've had
so much as a taste.
Is that how you see it?
I don't recall it
in those terms.
You're a grown man,
Lord Pilemon.
It's high time
you decided for yourself
to whom you cede that berry.
Why, of course, it is!
And, to whom else but you,
Prince Grabel?
I'm glad to hear it.
Ariel, do let me hear that
lovely singing voice of yours
again sometime.
That's the only reason
you ever need to take
to the public stage.
How unsettling!
You mean Princess Ariel's
extracurriculars?
It's not only her.
Look, that elf boy.
Remind me of his name, again?
They call him "Silent Fitz".
No one has ever heard him speak.
I doubt he's even cracked
so much as a smile.
Straighten up
and quit shifting your weight.
I know all this standing
is hard on your feet,
but don't let it show. Focus.
Always keep your eyes
on the princess.
[LUKE]
Why, Lady Hermes!
You look radiant as ever.
[LADY HERMES]
Goodness, hello, Sir Luke!
Tell me,
how fares the Lord your father?
[LUKE]
He's well!
I believe I see him there.
I'll be right back.
Don't let your guard down.
[MAN 2] So, that's "Silent Fitz"
along the wall, I take it.
[MAN 3]
He hardly looks well-bred to me.
[MAN 4] The Order of Mages
could...
[MAN 5] I hear he may be
some great lord's bastard child.
[MAN 6] Although, if he can cast
without incantations at his age.
[indistinct chatter]
[MAN 7] Oh, I don't believe that
for a minute.
[MAN 8] Still, after what
Princess Ariel suffered,
[overlapping chatter]
[gasp]
Why, Master Fitz,
you look flushed
all of a sudden,
are you alright?
Here, let me help you up.
What dainty hands you have,
good sir!
[MAN 9] He's right.
Almost girlish, I'd say.
[clanking]
♪ Ramparts tow'ring o'er ♪
♪ To protect the plain ♪
♪ Ripp'ling waves
Of gold in seas of grain ♪
♪ Oh-ho, Asura we sing to thee ♪
♪ May you reign ♪
♪ Eternally ♪
Did not my lord brother
wish to hear me sing
for the people once again?
Yes, let's hear it
for my enchanting sister,
bravissima!
[applause]
If you'll raise your glasses,
ladies and gentlemen,
we'll toast
to the Kingdom of Asura's
radiant future!
-Huzzah!
-[ALL] Huzzah!
The Princess
is as popular as ever, I see.
How lovely for her.
[indistinct chatter]
You're lucky, Her Highness
was so quick-thinking
to pull focus from you.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, Fitz, don't be.
I owe you my life,
that was the least I could do.
Luke and I will always be here
for you, no matter what, okay?
At this point, I'd dare say
that we're practically friends.
[smile]
[crickets chirping]
[gasp]
[screams]
[gasping]
[sobbing]
[PILEMON] We've made
our surreptitious overtures
to all the key groups.
The orders of knights and mages,
the royal guard, the city watch.
Your Highness?
It's a roundabout way
of doing things,
but I suppose we've no choice.
The only advantage
I have over my brother is
my charm, after all.
[chuckle]
That's true. There's nothing
quite as fickle, is there?
We must be steadfast
in shoring your position.
Oh, I am firmly aware of that.
And until it's secure,
don't give them any openings.
Right, I won't.
Luke, see to it
that you guard her
to the best of your ability.
[LUKE]
Sir!
You've adapted
to court etiquette so quickly,
Fitz.
Oh, no. I'm still learning.
[ARIEL]
Be that as it may,
your hard work and diligence
reflect well on you.
[FITZ]
Do they?
That's kind of you to say,
but the nobles
don't seem to like me much.
Oh, never mind
what that two-faced,
backbiting rabble has to say
about anything.
I'm fond of you, and you ought
to be proud of yourself.
Well, okay,
thank you for saying so.
And, if I may ask,
have any of my friends or family
been located yet?
Oh, dear Fitz, I'm afraid
they've been scattered
across the world.
Is that so?
I'm sorry.
I don't have the authority
to do more yet.
It's okay!
I couldn't have done anything
on my own,
so, I'm still grateful.
[ARIEL]
Oh, I know!
Fitz, come to my chambers
tonight.
What?
I'm given to understand
you've been plagued
by violent nightmares off late.
Perhaps sharing a bed
would help fight them off a bit.
Oh, no, I couldn't!
Luke,
will you talk her out of this?
Why would I do that?
Go enjoy your reward, Fitz.
Wait, what does that mean?
[chuckles]
[MAN 10] Me thought I heard
a voice cry, "Sleep no more"!
[DARIUS]
Now, regarding Princess Ariel,
my sources have informed me
that she has placed
sympathetic agents
among the knights and guards.
[GRABEL]
Is she plotting a coup d'état?
[DARIUS] Hardly. I doubt
she would ever dare be so rash.
I suspect
she is merely rallying support.
But why court groups
like the knights and guards
who lack political influence?
She doubtless
finds their support
simple to cultivate.
Many of them
are from common stock,
and commoners are easy to woo.
If you ask me,
this will prove before long
to be the first step of many.
[laughing]
For if she has
no personal troops,
she need only numbers.
I see.
You think she means to amass
an unofficial army
right under our noses.
So if there were trouble
in the capital,
it would fall
to the pawns to act.
And if most of them were
in Ariel's pocket at the time...
[DARIUS]
She shows incredible foresight.
What's our next move?
Oh, there can be
no question about that.
If she dares
stand against Your Highness,
then I believe
our course is clear as day.
[GRABEL]
Meaning?
[DARIUS]
We will not nip the buds,
but reap the one who sows them.
Very well, Darius.
I trust
you'll see to the arrangements.
[DARIUS] Oh, it would be
my pleasure, Prince Grabel.
[knocks]
Evening.
I came as you instructed,
Princess.
I'm glad you did.
Now, shall we go to bed?
[FITZ] We're, um, really
just going to sleep, right?
[ARIEL]
Is that what you want?
[FITZ]
You look really intense.
Do I, now?
[ARIEL] Well, I'll admit,
I am quite aroused.
So then, why don't
you lie back on the bed?
I'm not sure about this,
Your Highness.
It's alright!
You might be mistaken,
I thought you already knew
I'm not actually a boy.
Of course I do.
And I would like you to know me
as intimately
as I want to know you.
I just...
Goodness, to see your face,
you'd have thought
I was serious.
Oh, uh...
As I told you before,
we're only sharing.
Did you think I would
really force myself on you?
I'll admit that flustered look
does make it tempting sometimes,
but I'll keep my word.
I have them, too.
The same kind of nightmares.
[FITZ]
What happens in yours?
It's just the boar attack.
I have to see Derek die
again and again,
the monster kills him,
and then it comes for me.
You die in your own dream?
Yes.
[gasp]
I can't know your suffering
exactly,
but I, too, experienced hardship
and loss that day.
And when life gets too hard,
we shouldn't be afraid
to ask for help.
That's why I invited you
here tonight.
You saved my life that day
without even meaning to,
so perhaps I won't have
that dream again
if you're here with me.
Okay. I'll do my best
to keep you safe.
I promise.
Now that's the guardian spirit!
And I'll awake
with a full report
on how you performed
in my dreams!
[laughs]
Shall we get to sleep?
Yes. I'll get the lights.
[chuckles]
[Sylphiette gasps]
Fitz, what's happening?
I don't know yet,
just stay behind me!
[screams]
[grunts]
♪
Hey!
Are you hurt?
[gasp]
[explodes]
Fitz?
Fitz, wake up!
-What happened in here?
-Luke!
Summon a doctor at once!
We were attacked!
[LUKE]
Right!
Hang on! Help is on its way.
You can do this!
Sylphie! You can do this!
[PILEMON] We have identified
your assailant
as the "Night-Eyed Hawk",
a fairly well-known assassin
in this region.
She has evidently claimed
the lives of many nobles
in her storied career.
How are you feeling?
Better?
Yes, I'm fine now.
It was only a little poison.
We're fortunate
that you're unharmed,
but this incident leaves
no doubt
that we have enemies
in the palace.
And we don't know when or how
they may strike again.
I would like to propose
that you go abroad for a time,
using your studies as a pretext.
You wish me to flee?
Of course, not, Princess,
I wish you to live.
Your time will come.
I swear it.
Very well, then.
I'll begin to forge ties
with foreign dignitaries
and bide my time.
Perhaps this is necessary.
I'll go with you, if you please.
Thank you, Luke. Bless you.
And Fitz.
I relieve you of your duties
as my mage bodyguard.
Oh. But, how come?
I initially secured
your services by threatening you
with punishment for trespassing.
I left you with no recourse.
And I never once gave thought
to your wishes,
let alone asked about them.
I'm sorry.
I cannot grant your wish.
I have no power
to find your friends and family,
and I probably never could.
So, from this day,
I shan't burden you
more than I already have.
-You are a free man, Fitz.
-[FITZ] Wait.
I won't leave you.
You called me your friend,
Your Highness.
And you're my friend, too.
When my friends are in trouble,
I help them.
I protect those close to me.
And that's no burden at all.
I'm going to stay by your side.
And this time
I'll do it of my own free will.
All right, Fitz.
As you wish.
Just you wait.
I will become
this kingdom's sovereign.
Hail!
[BOTH] Her Highness,
our future ruler,
Princess Ariel Anemoi Asura!
[FITZ]
I had chosen a path.
I wanted to be someone
my friends
could really count on.
And after that day,
my nightmares ceased.